Milestone 2 update (#90)
matter-labs/zksync-web-v2-docs: docs/dev/zksync-v2/l1-l2-interop.md

In other words, we require the operator to do its best instead of requiring a strict deadline. The measure of "the work" is still to be developed. Most likely it will be the number of `ergs` the priority operations used.

> In the future, we will also add the ability to "prioritize" L1->L2 transactions, allowing users to speed the inclusion of their transaction in exchange for paying bigger fee to the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, we will also add the ability to "prioritize" L1->L2 transactions, allowing users to speed the inclusion of their transaction in exchange for paying higher fee to the operator.

In other words, we require the operator to do its best instead of requiring a strict deadline. The measure of "the work" is still to be developed. Most likely it will be the number of `ergs` the priority operations used.

In the future, we will also add the ability to "prioritize" L1->L2 transactions, allowing users to speed the inclusion of their transaction in exchange for paying bigger fee to the operator.

### Summary

- L1->L2 are not free for the users.

> - Unlike the counterpart from the previous version of zkSync, all kinds of transactions are enabled. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Unlike the counterpart from the previous version of zkSync, any transaction that can be initiated from L2, can also be initiated from L1. 
```

Author: Hmm, this is not completely true. You can initiate account attraction transactions from L2, you can't do this on L1

Reviewer 2: But then what does "all kinds of transactions" mean?

Reviewer 2: Anyways I guess the phrasing should be made a bit less abstract.

Author: I'll probably just remove the summary. It made more sense when we had more content in the section about the priority queue, but now it does not seem to

## Priority mode

If the operator fails to process the needed L1 transactions, the system enters the ''Priority mode''. In this mode, everyone can become an operator by staking tokens. The exact details of the priority mode are still under development and will be described in more detail closer to the mainnet launch.

> Note, that for security reasons, the priority mode is not enabled while the system is in alpha.

Reviewer 2: This sentence on its own doesn't really make much sense. Maybe elaborate?
For example, "To reduce risks, alpha mainnet will start with a mechanism to instantly stop and upgrade the network, which contradicts the purpose of the priority mode. Priority mode will be gradually introduced in the following releases."
